oh hey hey Charlie hi I ran into Charlie
Fineman - that really how is he hey
Charlie
it's a Levesque we know each other are
you kidding me sheesh I'm fine daddy
he was my college roommate I haven't
talked in a long time so what college go
man yeah you slept naked most life and
you were asleep Walker was the worst two
years of my life he lost his whole
family and plane crash he's lost them
Joey fine dr. Johnson you don't have an
appointment circle or friends who'll
college roommates and place to sleep in
the nude
[Music]
I don't play guitar Charlie Johnson
you're barely a dentist you pulled
people's teeth all day don't mad
you see all night is not a good I was
stuck in Charlie world I couldn't leave
come on out Davis wait guys have guy
hobbies right they play poker they golf
come on true hangout right now
yeah we got come on I said can you go
out and deal out us don't do that don't
ask my wife permission for me to go out
yeah right
can you go out the girls here Charlie
why you're single now and after what
happened to family and every oh oh I
don't have a family Johnny I know you
know who sent you it he likes you Alan
you know why because you know nothing
about his family so he figures you won't
ask any questions I have these things
and I don't like to think about I can't
do it I got for you
[Music]
I don't know how I got to the place
where I'm not letting you in I don't
want to be that guy very known just come
home I love you it's easier to see that
this man is going through something very
profound are you gonna be all right
charlie I'm gonna make it right now
[Music]
the husband Alan to remind me of me
bring